## What is Dynamic Memory Allocation?
Dynamic Memory Allocation is a process of allocating memory at run time.\
There are four library routines : calloc(), free(), realloc(), and malloc().

## What is Malloc in detail?
### Sample Code
```
void* malloc(size_t size); // syntax

char* p;
p = (char*)malloc(sizeof(char) * 10);
```
### How malloc works
Malloc stores void* type data on the memory as a default, and this means the programmer needs to do the type casting\
Since Malloc does not initialize the memory during the memory allocation process, the data contains random value(garbage value).\
Malloc returns first address of allocated memory after allocation is done.

## What is Calloc in detail?
### Sample Code
```
void* calloc(size_t n, size_t size); // syntax

char* p;
p = (char*)malloc(10, sizeof(char)); // little different than malloc
```
### How calloc works
Calloc stores zero(0) on the memory as a default.\
Calloc returns first address of allocated memory after allocation is done.

## What is Realloc in detail?
### Sample Code
```
void* realloc(void* p, size_t size); // syntax

char* p = (char*)malloc(sizeof(char)*10); // allocate 10 blocks of memory
p = (char*)realloc(p, 12); //add 2 more blocks
```
### How Realloc works
If additional blocks are needed from pre-exist memory(let's say this memory is already allocated via malloc),\
Realloc can be used to add more blocks to the pre-exist memory.\
This also returns the address of the target memory.

## What is Realloc in detail?
### Sample Code
```
void* free(void* p); // syntax

int* p = (int*)malloc(sizeof(int)*20); // allocate 20 blocks of memory
free(p); // free memory
```
### How Realloc works
Once the specific memory is not used anymore,\
this memory needs to be freed(if unused memory is not freed, the memory leaking issue will be happening and this will cause a huge issue eventually).\
This is the reason why this function is used.

## Why malloc or calloc is used?
### Why use malloc?
Malloc should be used when the memory allocation is required at runtime.\
Malloc is faster than calloc.
### Why use calloc?
Calloc should be used when default contents of memory should be zero(0).\
Calloc is safer than malloc.

## References
https://www.guru99.com/difference-between-malloc-and-calloc.html
https://blog.naver.com/sharonichoya/220501158281
